Changes to Common Controls Baseline (#315)
cisagov/ScubaGoggles: baselines/Common Controls Minimum Viable Secure Configuration Baseline v0.2.md

- [System-Defined Rules](#13-system-defined-rules)
- [Google Workspace Logs](#14-google-workspace-logs)
- [Data Regions](#15-data-regions-and-storage)

> - [Additional Google Services](#16-additional-google-services)

Reviewer: Need to add entry for 17.1

3.	Click the **Supplemental Data Storage** card.
4.	Ensure the checkbox for "**Russian Federation**" is unchecked.
6.	Click **Save**.

## 16. Additional Google Services

> This section covers the oogle services that do not have an individual control and whether these serviGces are on or off.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
This section covers the Google services that do not have an individual control and whether these services are on or off.
```

### Policy

#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.16.1v0.2
Service status for Google services that do not have an individual control SHOULD be set to OFF for everyone.

- _Rationale_: Allowing access to additional google services without a need may create unnecessary vulnerabilities within the Google Workspace environment. By turning these services off, it mitigates the risk by not allowing access.
- _Last modified:_ June 11, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping
  - Pending

### Resources
-	[GWS Admin Help \| Turn on or off additional Google services](https://support.google.com/a/answer/181865)

### Prerequisites

- Super Admin role

### Implementation

#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.16.1v0.2 Instructions
To configure additional services per the policy:
1.	Sign in to the [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com) as an administrator.
2.	Navigate to **Apps** -> **Additional Google services**.
3.	Click **CHANGE** at the top where it says if **Access to additional services without individual control for all organizational units is On/Off**.
4.	Select the option: "**OFF for everyone**"
6.	Click **Save**.

## 17. Multi-Party Approval

> This section covers the oogle services that do not have an individual control and whether these serviGces are on or off.

Reviewer: Typo
```suggestion
This section covers the Google services that do not have an individual control and whether these services are on or off.
```

### Policy

#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.17.1v0.2
Require multi party approval for sensitive admin actions SHALL be enabled.

> - _Rationale_: Changes to certain admin settings creates the potential for security weaknesses. Therefore, requiring multiple super admins to approve changes to those settings mitigates the risk.

Reviewer: "Therefore" implies that the second sentence will logically follow from the first, which it doesn't. Recommend re-working. Additionally, including an example of what's included in "certain admin settings" would make this rationale much more convincing.

```suggestion
- _Rationale_: Changes to sensitive admin settings, such as disabling 2-step verification, could introduce serious vulnerabilities in the GWS environment. Requiring multiple super admins to approve changes to those settings mitigates the risk changing these settings pose.
```

- _Last modified:_ June 20, 2024

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping

>   - Pending

Reviewer: Needs to be complete before merging.

Author: Working on these now.

3.	Click the **Supplemental Data Storage** card.
4.	Ensure the checkbox for "**Russian Federation**" is unchecked.
6.	Click **Save**.

## 16. Additional Google Services

> This section covers the Google services that do not have an individual control and whether these services are on or off.

Reviewer: Do we know which services specifically would be affected by this policy? I looked at the linked resources but couldn't find a concrete list.

Reviewer 2: https://support.google.com/a/answer/7646040?fl=1&sjid=6354300702774302500-NA
https://support.google.com/a/answer/181865?hl=en&fl=1&sjid=6354300702774302500-NA#zippy=%2Cturn-services-on-or-off-for-users
I can't find a concrete list either, is it something we think should be included?

Reviewer: Ideally yes, so people can understand the implications of turning these services off. But if Google hasn't published that information, not much we can do.

### Policy

> #### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.16.1v0.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.16.1v0.2
```

> Service status SHOULD be set to OFF for everyone.

Reviewer: Policy is too vague. Service status for what?
```suggestion
Service status for Google services that do not have an individual control SHOULD be set to OFF for everyone.
```

> - _Rationale_: Allowing access to additional google services without a need creates unnceccessary vulnerabilities within the Google Workspace enviroment. By turning these services off, it mitigates the risk by not allowing access.

Reviewer: - "creates vulnerabilities" is too confident. It seems to imply that other Google services are vulnerable, which may be a possibility, but is far from certain. "May create" might be better.
- Two spelling errors
```suggestion
- _Rationale_: Allowing access to additional google services without a need may create unnecessary vulnerabilities within the Google Workspace environment. By turning these services off, it mitigates the risk by not allowing access.
```

> - _Last modified:_ October 30, 2023

Reviewer: Is this date accurate?

Author: Fixed the date

- MITRE ATT&CK TTP Mapping

>   - Pending

Reviewer: Should be complete before merging.

Author: They are being worked on.

### Resources
-	[GWS Admin Help \| Data regions: Choose a geographic location for your data](https://support.google.com/a/answer/7630496)

> -	[GWS Admin Help \| What data is covered by a data region policy?](https://support.google.com/a/answer/9223653)

Reviewer: These look like the wrong resources.

### Prerequisites

- Super Admin role

### Implementation

> #### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.16.1v0.1 Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### GWS.COMMONCONTROLS.16.1v0.2 Instructions
```

To configure Data Regions per the policy:
1.	Sign in to the [Google Admin console](https://admin.google.com) as an administrator.
2.	Navigate to **Account** -> **Account settings**.
3.	Click the **Data Regions** card.
4.	Click the **Data Regions** policy card.
5.	Select the radio button option: "**United States**"

> 6.	Click **Save**.

Reviewer: These are the wrong steps.

Reviewer 2: Fixed the implementation steps
